Better Footer with social links #3311 (#3361)
jomjol/AI-on-the-edge-device: README.md

---

<br>

## Support 💬
If you have any technical problems, please search the [discussions](https://github.com/jomjol/AI-on-the-edge-device/discussions). In case you find a bug or have a feature request, please open an [issue](https://github.com/jomjol/AI-on-the-edge-device/issues).

> For any other issues, you can contact the developer via email: mueller.josef@gmail.com  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any other issues, you can contact the developer via email:  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jomjol/AI-on-the-edge-device/master/images/mail.jpg" height="25">
</p>
```

> For any other issues, you can contact the developer via email: mueller.josef@gmail.com  

Author: Yes Sir
